Background

Bevo’s Tunes (BT) is a Texas-based music sales and management company.
The company is just starting up, and wants your help designing a website
for their users. They hope customers will use the website to buy all of
their favorite music. To prevent illegal sharing, all music is stored in
their database and playing using the player on their website. They’re
going to build the music player in-house, and use a separate database to
store all the music, but they want your team to set up everything else.

The system has three basic roles: customers, employees, and managers.
Customers can search for music and manage their music collections.
Employees manage customers and maintain the website. Managers manage
employees and monitor the health of the business with reports.

The system should be a C#-based ASP.NET Core MVC website using a SQL
Server Database hosted on one of your team member’s Azure account. The
website should also be hosted in an Azure account. You should consider
adding your team members as administrators to the main Azure account.

Professor and the TAs will be your first contacts for requirements
questions. Requirements are subject to change/clarification as the
project progresses. Professor will have final say on everything. The
Slack channel (#final-project) will be the official medium for
communication about requirements. No requirements change/clarification
is official unless it has been posted on Slack.

Customer Functionality

A customer will log in with his email and password. Login is not
required for any customer pages (i.e. browsing) unless they want to
purchase a song/album or view their music collection. Upon successful
login, the customer should be met with a welcome page advertising the
current featured songs and albums.

Create Account

Email, password, first name, last name, address, and phone number are
required. City and state are automatically generated based on zip code.

Modify/Manage Account

-   View account information

-   Modify first and last name, email, address and phone number

-   Change password – requires verification by entering old password.

-   The customer may choose to store information for up to two credit
    cards

    -   Allowed types are Visa, American Express, Discover, and
        MasterCard

    -   Credit cards are 16 digits, except for American Express, which
        is 15 digits

    -   The system will automatically detect what type of credit card it
        is based on the following formula:

        -   MasterCard, Visa, and Discover are 16 digits

            -   MasterCard starts with 54

            -   Visa starts with 4

            -   Discover starts with 6

        -   Amex is 15 digits

Music Search

The customer should have a search page available to them to search
through BT’s music database. This database contains all individual
songs, albums, and bands that BT holds the rights to, as well as any
current discounts.

General Search Page Requirements

-   These requirements are applicable to all three search pages (song,
    album, and artist)

-   When searching for songs, albums, or artists, multiple selections
    should be handled as AND searches. For example, searching title and
    artist for songs will return records that have both matching fields.

-   Users should be able to search all items by genre and be able to
    select multiple genres. This should match all songs with at least
    one of those genres.

-   The list of genres from which users can select should reflect the
    genres actually in the database. This list should not be hard coded.

-   For all searches, users can specify less than or greater than and a
    decimal between 1.0 and 5.0 inclusive. This should return items
    whose average rating matches the specified criteria.

-   For all queries on all search pages, specify how many records are
    returned. All search results should have a message that says
    “Displaying X of Y songs/artists/etc.”

-   Any time the user is given a textbox for search, you must make sure
    that this textbox can accept SQL characters such as ‘ and % without
    breaking.

Song Search

-   Individual songs may be searched by any combination of the
    following: Title, Genre, Artist, Album, Rating

    -   For name, artist, and album, customers can do a keyword search.
        If the customer is searching for multiples of these fields, it
        is an AND search.

    -   Any given song can belong to multiple albums. You do NOT need to
        record the track number on the album.

    -   Search results should display Title, Artist, Rating, and Price.
        Since multiple genres and albums are possible, these fields need
        not be displayed in search results.

-   User should be able to sort search results by ascending/descending:
    name, artist and rating

-   Clicking on the song in the search result will take the user to
    details for that song, which includes:

    -   Name, artist, album(s), genre(s), rating and price

    -   Any discounted prices and the original price

    -   An option to add to the cart

    -   Current average rating and any reviews that have been written

    -   An option to review and rate the song (only available if the
        customer has purchased the song)

    -   If the song is already in the customer’s cart, do not allow the
        customer to add it again

Album Search

-   Individual albums may be searched by any combination of the
    following: name, genre, artist, rating

    -   For name and artist, customers can do a keyword search

    -   Search results should display title, artist, rating and price

-   User should be able to sort search results by ascending/descending:
    name, artist, and rating

-   Clicking on the album in the search results will take the user to
    details for that album, which includes:

    -   Name, artist, genre(s), rating and price. There should be a link
        to that artists’ details page.

    -   A full list of all the songs on the album. This list should show
        the name of each song and a link to the details page for that
        song

    -   Whether the price is discounted. If the price IS discounted,
        also show the full price

    -   An option to add the album to the cart. If the album is already
        in the customer’s cart, do not allow them to add it again

    -   Current average rating and any reviews that have been written

    -   An option to review and rate the album (only available if the
        customer has purchased the album)

Artist Search

-   Individual artists may be searched by any combination of the
    following: name, genre, and rating. Search results should display
    name and rating.

-   Sort search results by ascending/descending: name and rating

-   Clicking on a link for the artist in the search result will bring
    you to the details for that artist, which has all of its
    information:

    -   Name, genre(s), and rating

    -   A full list of all albums by that artist. Each album should have
        a link to the album’s details page

    -   A full list of songs by that artist. Each song should have a
        link to the song’s details page

    -   Current average rating and any reviews that have been written

    -   An option to review and rate the artist (only available if the
        customer has purchased at least one album or song by that
        artist)

Purchase

Customers should have the option to purchase music.

Checkout

-   Customers should not be able to move forward with a purchase until
    they have items in the shopping cart. Choosing the checkout option
    without items in the cart should give the customer an error saying
    that they must choose what to purchase first.

-   A customer cannot have duplicate songs in their cart.

    -   If an album is added to the cart, then all songs that are in the
        album that are also in the cart are registered as duplicates.

    -   Customers must be notified that there is a duplicate song in
        their cart that must be removed before checkout can be
        completed.

-   Once a customer is ready to checkout and has items in the cart, the
    checkout screen should show them their subtotal, tax (tax rate is
    8.25%), and total. They should have the option to select which
    credit card they want to use. Only display the last four digits of
    the card and the card type (e.g. **** **** **** 4212 VISA).
    Customers may either use a credit card on file or enter a different
    credit card. If using a new credit card, apply the same validations
    as when adding a card to the account.

-   Any deductions should be automatically factored into the price.
    However, the user should see the original price AND the discounted
    price.

-   During checkout, customers should also have the option to make the
    purchase as a gift for another customer. This requires the customer
    to put in their friend’s email address. If that email address is on
    file, then the order should go through just fine. If we do not have
    the address on file, then give the customer an error.

-   The second screen should show the customer their full order, the
    credit card used (show only the last four digits), the recipient,
    and the order total. It should ask the customer to confirm the
    order. Confirmation should thank the customer, send out emails, and
    present the customer with a link back to the home page.

Email

-   Completing an order should send out one or two emails

    -   If the music was bought as a gift, send an email to the
        gift-giver confirming the order went through, and another to the
        recipient showing what the gift-giver bought for them.

    -   If the music was NOT a gift, just send the email to the customer
        with a list of the purchased music.

-   The email sent to the recipient should also include recommendations

    -   Pick any one song genre from an album or song in the purchase

    -   Take the highest rated band that produces music of that genre,
        and include a recommendation that the customer try out that band
        as well.

-   The email sent to the purchasing customer should include a link to
    refund the order if it was made incorrectly.

    -   The customer should be able to click this link, confirm the
        order was a mistake, and cancel the order. If this happens, the
        customer (and gift recipient, if the music was bought as a gift)
        should receive an email confirming that the music was removed
        from their account.

    -   When an order is refunded, the system should mark the order as
        deleted/refunded instead of removing it from the database.

-   For security purposes, it is recommended that each group create a
    new Gmail account to send these emails. The subject line of all
    emails should start with “Team [Number]:” to help the grader find
    the emails from your team.

Shopping Cart

-   Customers should have a link to their shopping cart where they can
    manage the contents.

-   Songs should show the title, artist, rating, and price

-   Albums should show the title, artist, rating, and price

-   For songs and albums, customers navigate to a detail page, which
    allows them to add the items into the cart.

-   The shopping cart is automatically saved for the users. If the
    customer logs out and logs back in later, all of the items in the
    shopping cart should be preserved.

-   Customers can delete songs or albums from their cart.

-   Customers cannot complete checkout with duplicate songs in their
    cart.

-   The price of all the items together should be displayed in the
    shopping cart.

-   Discounts should be calculated automatically. The customer should
    see a message next to each discounted item showing the discounted
    price and savings.

-   If a discount is added or removed while the item is in the
    customer’s shopping cart, the shopping cart should update to reflect
    this change.

-   The subtotal and total for the order should be displayed in the
    shopping cart (list each of these separately):

    -   Subtotal: the sum of each of the individual item prices

    -   Tax: 8.25% of subtotal

    -   Total: subtotal + tax

-   Once the order is completed, the customer should see a confirmation
    screen with an Order Confirmation number. Order confirmation numbers
    start with 212000 and go up by one after that. (The first order MUST
    have confirmation number 212000, the second one will have 212001,
    etc.)

Email

-   The system should be able to send messages to the customer’s email
    address.

-   Customers get messages when:

    -   They create an account

    -   They place an order (i.e. complete checkout). See the email
        section under checkout for more info.

    -   An order is refunded

-   For security purposes, it is recommended that each group create a
    new Gmail account to send these emails. The subject line of all
    emails should start with “Team [Number]:” to help the grader find
    the emails from your team.

Rate and Review Products

-   Customers can review songs, albums, and artists. If writing a
    review, the customer must include a rating on a scale from 1-5. The
    customer should also have option of writing a full review (limited
    to 100 characters).

-   Item ratings are a simple average of approved customer ratings. They
    should be carried out to 1 decimal place (e.g. 4.3, 3.2). Display
    the product rating along with the product’s other information.

-   A customer may change their review or rating once it has been
    submitted. The rating average should be adjusted accordingly.

-   Customers may only review items they have purchased from BT. Each
    item may only be reviewed once by each customer.

    -   Customers may edit or delete any reviews they created

    -   Customers may edit but not delete ratings

    -   Purchasing any song or album by a particular artist gives the
        customer the ability to review that band

    -   Customers may review albums only if they own the album OR own
        every song from that album.

Order History

Customers can see a list of all orders they’ve placed, most recent
first. This list should include all information about the order (except
only the last four digits and type for the credit card). Customers who
receive an order as a gift should not see that order in their order
history. Order history must show purchase price for each individual
item.

My Music

Customers can see a list of all the music they have rights to. This list
should show title, genre(s), and artist. This list should also show the
album the song is a part of if the customer received the song as part of
an album. Customers should be able to sort their collection by title,
artist, or genre. Customers should also be able to filter their music by
title, artist, album, and genre.

Employee Functionality

Employees log in with their email and password. When an employee logs
in, the system should automatically detect that this user is an employee
and show them the employee pages. No customer should ever be able to
view any of the employee pages.

Modify Employee Account

Employees can modify their address, phone number, and password only.
Change the password requires entering in the old one again.

Manage Customers

Create Customer Profile

Employees should be able to create a profile for a new customer. The
employee will enter all the customer’s information, including a password
for the new customer. When an employee creates a new customer account,
the customer should receive the same account creation confirmation email
mentioned above.

Modify Customers

Employees should have the same account editing functionality as the
customers. Employees should be able to edit all customer fields except
email address. Employees should be able to change the password without
re-entering the old one.

Disable/Enable Customer Account

Employees may also disable customer accounts. A customer with a disabled
account may still log in, the only difference is that they cannot
checkout. All information is preserved, so if an employee re-enables the
account, everything for that account is back to normal.

Product Search

Employees should be able to search products just like the customer can.
The only difference between the employee side and customer side
searching is that employees do not need the option to add the item to
the cart or have an option to review the product (but they must be able
to see the reviews/ratings).

Purchase on Behalf of a Customer

To provide back-end customer support, employees should be able to create
an order for a customer. The employee should be prompted to select a
customer and then proceed through the add-to-cart and checkout steps
described above. The music purchased through this process should appear
exactly the same to the customer as orders placed themselves.

Edit Reviews/Ratings

Employees should be able to approve and edit reviews made by customers.
Reviews should not be displayed on the site or included in averages
until they have been approved. Employees may change the text of the
review (for clarity and profanity, etc.), but they may not edit the
numerical rating.

Manager Functionality

The manager pages should have all the functionality of regular
employees, plus the following.

Promotions

There are two types of promotions: featured items and individual item
discounts. Managers should be able to set the featured item and put
individual discounts into effect. Discounts can be modified after they
are created and they can be disabled (not actually deleted). Discounts
cannot be deleted.

Featured Item

Managers can set up a featured item. Songs, bands, and albums can be
featured. All customers should see the featured item when they log in.

Discount for an Item

-   The manager selects an item and inputs the amount of the discount.
    This behaves much like changing the price for an item. Once the
    manager discontinues the discount, the price should change back to
    the original price.

-   Item discounts should be automatically advertised on the customer
    side pages. Customers should see the regular price, as well as the
    sale price on the item page. However, when the item is listed in a
    search result, only the discounted price should be displayed.

-   Customers should be able to see the amount of the discount on the
    song’s page.

Manage Employees

Managers should be able to do the following:

-   Hire new employees.

-   Fire existing employees. Previous employees’ information should be
    kept in the system because they can be rehired at a later date.
    Fired employees should be blocked from logging in and should receive
    an appropriate error message.

-   Re-hire previous employees.

-   Promote employees to manager.

-   Modify employee profiles.

Manage Products

Managers should have an option under each song, album, and band detail
page that lets them edit the data. All data, except unique numbers and
auto-generated fields can change. This includes adding and removing
individual songs from albums.

Songs

-   The manager can add new songs to the database.

-   All fields are required.

-   The song title can match another song title if the two songs are by
    different bands. A band may not produce a song with the same title
    twice.

-   Managers can edit all data except automatically generated fields.

-   If a song’s title changes, any albums with that song should be
    automatically updated. Order history and a customer’s “My Music”
    page should display the most current title of the song.

-   The band performing a song must be in the database, otherwise
    managers cannot add songs by that band. The manager must first add
    the band to the database, and then add the song afterwards.

Albums

-   The manager can add new albums to the database.

-   Songs must be in the database to be added to an album, so the
    manager must enter all of the new songs before creating the album.

-   The manager should select the band first, then get a list of all
    songs by that band. These songs can then be added to the album.

-   All album fields are required.

-   Each album should have an album cover that shows up on the album
    page

-   Managers can edit all data except automatically generated fields

Artists/Bands

-   The manager can add bands to the database.

-   All fields are required.

Genres

When a manager adds or edits a song, album, or artist, the option to add
a new genre should be available.

Reports

The system should produce the following reports. Please include a record
count for all reports. To facilitate testing, the reports section may be
expanded as the semester goes on.

All Songs Sold

Lists all songs, the number of purchases, and the amount of revenue
earned on that song. Only individual song purchases count here; albums
are included in the next report.

All Albums Sold

The same as above, but for albums instead of songs.

Top Selling Bands

Listed by genre, the top selling band for each genre, along with song
purchases, song revenue, album purchases by album, revenue by album, and
total revenue

Project Logistics

System Project Teams

The system project teams are made up of 4 class members. You will submit
peer evaluation forms twice during the semester. However, if you are
having trouble with any of your team members, please let Professor know
as early as possible. Professor reserves the right to adjust your grade
(up to and including giving you a zero) based on reviews from your
group, so be a good teammate!

Data

We will provide you with seed data for the database in the form of Excel
spreadsheets (see Canvas). This seed data (and ONLY this seed data) MUST
be pre-loaded on your site when grading begins, or we will not be able
to accurately grade your project.

Your system should NOT allow any user to delete songs, orders, or user
accounts. If one of these entities is no longer valid, they should be
marked as inactive in the database. Deleting these records could lead to
“orphan” data in related tables.

Grade Script (Alpha) Testing

About a week before the project is due, the TAs will need to test the
grade script using a live project. We will ask for teams that are done
(or mostly done) to use as our “guinea pigs.” Three or four teams will
be selected for the grade script testing based on the % completion of
your project. Teams selected for grade script testing will need to be
available for questions via text message (or another channel acceptable
to you and the TAs) while the TAs test the script. These teams will NOT
get to see the grade script or any specifics about what was tested, but
they will be alerted to any serious issues with their project. This
“pre-grade” will have ZERO effect on the team’s final score. These
projects will still need to be “officially” graded.

Project Submission

You will need to submit a link to your site’s home page and a zipped
version of the MVC project on Canvas by 12:00 noon on Monday April 27th.
Unauthorized changes to your website after this time will be considered
violations of UT/McCombs academic integrity policies and will be
reported to Student Judicial Services.

Project Grading

Project grading will take place during a pre-reserved window of time
that your team selects in advance. At least one member of your team must
be present for grading. We will discuss the specifics of grading on the
last day of class. Team rankings will be posted by end of that week and
final project grades will be posted by Monday afternoon May 4^(th). You
will not be presenting to the class – you will choose a grading time
slot and the grader will follow a detailed gradescript. The grader will
ask you to perform various tasks on your site, and one of your teammates
will “drive” the website to show your results.

Project Awards

The MIS 333K Team System Project includes cash awards for the top three
teams:

🥇 1^(st) Place (Gold): $2000

🥈 2^(nd) Place (Silver): $1200

🥉 3^(rd) Place (Bronze): $800

Professor has sole discretion for picking the winning teams and decision
is final. Prize winners will need to submit additional documentation to
the IROM office. Please be aware that it may take several weeks to issue
the payment.